systemctl  daemon-reload

systemctl  status sset-*查看状态
systemctl  enable sset-*开机启动
systemctl  disable sset-*关闭开机启动

systemctl start sset-nrfd
systemctl start sset-smfd
systemctl start sset-amfd
systemctl start sset-upfd
systemctl start sset-ausfd
systemctl start sset-udmd
systemctl start sset-pcfd
systemctl start sset-nssfd
systemctl start sset-udrd
systemctl start sset-bsfd


systemctl stop sset-nrfd
systemctl stop sset-smfd
systemctl stop sset-amfd
systemctl stop sset-upfd
systemctl stop sset-ausfd
systemctl stop sset-udmd
systemctl stop sset-pcfd
systemctl stop sset-nssfd
systemctl stop sset-udrd
systemctl stop sset-bsfd